---
author: ReneeW-CPub
description: Terms of Service, Microsoft Dynamics 365 Mixed Reality Preview
ms.author: renwe
ms.date: 02/24/2019
ms.service: crm-online
ms.topic: article
title: Terms of Service, Microsoft Dynamics 365 Mixed Reality Preview
robots: noindex, nofollow
---

# TERMS OF SERVICE<br>MICROSOFT DYNAMICS 365 	MIXED REALITY PREVIEW

These terms of service are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates). They apply to the Microsoft online services made available to you for preview use in connection with one or more Microsoft Dynamics 365 products or applications (the “Preview”) (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services). IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW. BY USING THE SERVICES FOR A PREVIEW, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

**1.	USE RIGHTS.**

>**a)	Rights.** During the term of any Preview (the “Term”), Microsoft grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access and use, solely in accordance with this Agreement, the Microsoft online services solely in connection with any Previews in which you participate. This agreement extends to your authorized users, and you are fully liable for their use.

>**b)	Use terms.** You acknowledges that: (i) Previews may not work correctly or the same way that a commercial version may work; (ii) if Microsoft elects to provide support for any Previews, such support will be provided “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty, and Microsoft may cease providing support at any time, without notice; (iii) except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, the MLA does not apply to any Previews; (iv) Microsoft has no obligation to hold, export, or return any Customer Data (defined in the MLA) in relation to any Previews; (v) You may use Previews for testing and evaluation purposes only; (vi) You may not use Previews to access or process any “live” or production Customer Data, or Personal Data or other data that is subject to legal or regulatory compliance requirements; (vii) Microsoft may chose not to make a Preview generally commercially available Previews are subject to reduced or different security, compliance and privacy commitments. Any data provided to Microsoft through Customer’s use of Previews may be transferred, stored, and processed in the United States, or in any other country where Microsoft or its subcontractors operate.

>**c)	Limitations and Exclusions.** The Microsoft Online Services Terms (see http://microsoftvolumelicensing.com/) and any Microsoft volume licensing agreement you have entered into with Microsoft, or any other applicable agreement (collectively, the “Microsoft Licensing Agreement” or “MLA”), and any references or statements made in the Trust Center do not apply to the Preview, including, but not limited to, data security, GDPR, and professional services related terms. Microsoft may, in its sole discretion, limit the: (a) rate at which the services may be called or made available; and (b) the amount of data that may be uploaded to, or served from, the Preview (all of the foregoing being forms of "Throttling"). Microsoft may perform this Throttling globally across the Preview. You will not take steps to circumvent or disable any technical measures Microsoft may put in place to enforce Throttling. The Preview is subject to reduced or different security, compliance and privacy commitments. Any data provided to Microsoft through your use of the software and the Preview may be transferred, stored, and processed in the United States, or in any other country where Microsoft of its subcontractors operate. 

>>**Important**

>>If you are the administrator for the organization and have authority to act on behalf of and to bind the organization, then by installing or using the Preview, you consent to allow authorized users of Microsoft Dynamics 365 online services to activate, configure and enable certain functionality which transmits Customer Data (as defined in the MLA) to external systems. Please consult the feature technical documentation available at: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/mixed-reality/guides/.

>**d)	 Required Offerings.** Certain Microsoft services or software may be necessary to use a particular Preview (“Required Offerings”). Microsoft does not grant any rights under this Agreement to access or use Required Offerings; rather, Required Offerings are separately licensed to you under a Microsoft Licensing Agreement, which may require paying a fee. The Required Offerings for a given Preview will be identified in the Preview Terms. “Microsoft Licensing Agreement” or “MLA” means the Microsoft Online Services Terms (see http://microsoftvolumelicensing.com/) and your Microsoft volume licensing agreement, or any other applicable agreement, under which you subscribed or was granted a license to any Required Offerings.

>**e)	Acceptable use.** You will not: (i) use Previews (A) in a way prohibited by law, regulation, or government order or decree; (B) to violate others’ rights; (C) to try to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt any service, device, account, or network; (D) to distribute unsolicited commercial email or malware; or (E) in a way that could harm the Previews or impair anyone else’s use of them; or (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or work around any technical limits in any Previews. You will respond to any third-party claims regarding its use of Previews or Customer Data (e.g., under the DMCA), and will comply with them as necessary to comply with laws.

>**f)	Reservation of rights.** All rights not expressly granted are reserved by the applicable rights holder, and no rights or licenses are granted (or deemed granted) by implication, estoppel, or exhaustion.

>**g)	Software.** If a Preview includes any software, you may install and use it on its devices only with (and for so long as you have the right to use) such Preview under this Agreement. You will comply with any additional terms that may accompany such software. You must uninstall any such software when its right to use the applicable Preview ends (and Microsoft may also disable it at that time).

**2.	Non-Microsoft software.** If you install or use any non-Microsoft software with any Previews: (i) Microsoft is not bound by any terms governing your use of such software; (ii) you direct and control such installation and use (e.g., through use of application programming interfaces and other means that may be part of the Previews); and (iii) you may not do so in a way that would subject Microsoft intellectual property rights or technology to obligations beyond those in this Agreement. Microsoft will not run or copy such non-Microsoft software outside of its relationship with you.

**3.	Updates.** The services may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you. You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources. Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates. You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice. Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.

**4.	Support.** Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services of any kind. Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind and Microsoft may cease providing support (if any) at any time, without notice. If Microsoft elects to provide support, Microsoft will solely own any enhancements or improvements to the services or the Preview arising from provision of such support services.

**5.	Customer Data.** The applicable MLA terms (which may be incorporated in the MLA by reference) pertaining to collection, use, and location of Customer Data (as such terms are modified in the MLA to apply to previews) will apply to collection, use, and location of Customer Data under this Agreement.  The accuracy and performance of the Previews improve by having had access to large volumes of data. Microsoft will solely own any enhancements or improvements to the Previews arising from access to and use of Customer Data. Microsoft may also use information derived from Customer Data if such use does not include Customer Data and no Customer Data can be reverse engineered from such use.

**6.	Data Transfers.**  Customer Data and Personal Data that Microsoft processes on Customer’s behalf may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its subprocessors operate.  Customer appoints Microsoft to perform any such transfer of Customer Data and Personal Data to any such country and to store and process Customer Data and Personal Data to provide the Preview.  Microsoft will abide by the requirements of European Economic Area and Swiss data protection law regarding the collection, use, transfer, retention, and other processing of Personal Data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. All transfers of Personal Data to a third country or an international organization will be subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR ((EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC) and such transfers and safeguards will be documented according to Article 30(2) of the GDPR. In addition, Microsoft is certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks and the commitments they entail. Microsoft agrees to notify Customer if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is .required by the Privacy Shield principles.

**7.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING THE PREVIEW. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

**8.	LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.**

>**This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.**

>**It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.**

**9.	Applicable Law and Place to Resolve Disputes.** If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply. If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court. If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court.

**10.	Entire Agreement.** This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the services.


