mr-docs/remote-assist/mobile-app/faq-mobile.md, before:

---
author: xonatia
description: Answers to common questions about using Microsoft Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile.
ms.author: xonatia
ms.date: 06/03/2020
ms.service: crm-online
ms.topic: article
title: Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile frequently asked questions
ms.reviewer: krbjoran
---

# Frequently asked questions for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile

## How can I tell what version I'm using?

In Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile's **Main Menu**, go to **Information**, and then find the version number in the **App Version** section.

## Techniques to improve your tracking experience and surface detection

- Move your phone from side-to-side at the beginning of a video call.
- Try moving your phone more slowly.
- Place annotations in your device's field of view and avoid lots of sudden movements.
- Avoid frequently minimizing the app and reopening it while there are annotations present.

## Limitations that may hinder your tracking experience and accurate surface detection

- Flat surfaces without texture, such as a white desk.
- Environments with dim lighting or very bright lighting.
- Transparent or reflective surfaces like glass.
- Dynamic or moving surfaces.

## What kinds of calls can a Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile user be in?

- **Can I make calls to a Teams desktop user?** Yes.
- **Can I make calls to a Teams mobile user?** Yes.
- **Can I make or be in a group call or a call with three or more participants?** No, not at this time.
- **Can I be in a meeting?** No, not at this time.

## Does Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile support the ability to see both the live video feed from the rear-facing camera as well as the technician's face from the front-facing camera?

No, just the rear-facing camera at this time.

## What countries is Dynamics 365 Remote Assist for Mobile supported?

On **Android** devices, Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile is available in 146 countries, but not available in Cuba, Sudan or Iran. It's also usable in China when connecting to global tenants, but not in the store currently (we are working on that).

For **iOS** devices, Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile is available in 155 countries.

## What languages does Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Mobile support?

Arabic (Saudi Arabia), Bulgarian (Bulgaria), Catalan (Spain), Czech (Czech Republic), Danish (Denmark), German (Germany), Greek (Greece), English (Australia), English (Canada), English (United Kingdom), English (United States), Spanish (Spain), Estonian (Estonia), Basque (Spain), Finnish (Finland), French (Canada), French (France), Galician (Spain), Hebrew (Israel), Hindi (India), Croatian (Croatia), Hungarian (Hungary), Indonesian (Indonesia), Italian (Italy), Japanese (Japan), Kazakh (Kazakhstan), Korean (Korea), Lithuanian (Lithuania), Latvian (Latvia), Malay (Malaysia), Norwegian Bokmål (Norway), Dutch (Netherlands), Polish (Poland), Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian (Romania), Russian (Russia), Slovak (Slovakia), Slovenian (Slovenia), Serbian (Cyrillic, Serbia), Serbian (Latin, Serbia), Swedish (Sweden), Thai (Thailand), Turkish (Turkey), Ukrainian (Ukraine), Vietnamese (Vietnam), Chinese (Simplified, China), Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.), Chinese (Traditional).

## How do I provide feedback?

Technicians can provide feedback or make requests directly in the Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile app. Providing in-app feedback is the best way for the Dynamics 365 Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile team to troubleshoot your issue because we can use your applications logs to see if there is an issue on our side. The Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile team values your feedback and strives to make significant improvements to the app.

In the Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile app, you can provide feedback by:

1. Select the **Main Menu** icon.
2. Select **Feedback**.
3. Provide your feedback.

>[!Note]
> Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile users can also provide feedback to our team in the [Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Community Forum](https://community.dynamics.com/365/remoteassist) for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist or in the [Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Ideas Portal](https://experience.dynamics.com/ideas/categories/list/?category=81a97e52-9c54-e911-a963-000d3a4f33c1&forum=4323c621-52bc-e811-a975-000d3a1bec70) for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile.

## See also

- [Overview of Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile](https://docs.microsoft.com/dynamics365/mixed-reality/remote-assist/mobile-app/remote-assist-mobile-overview)
- [YouTube Video of Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile's features](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQJWsCDNpb4)
- [Requirements](../requirements.md)

Commit message:

Add faq about app size

mr-docs/remote-assist/mobile-app/faq-mobile.md, after:

---
author: xonatia
description: Answers to common questions about using Microsoft Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile.
ms.author: xonatia
ms.date: 06/03/2020
ms.service: crm-online
ms.topic: article
title: Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile frequently asked questions
ms.reviewer: krbjoran
---

# Frequently asked questions for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile

## How can I tell what version I'm using?

In Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile's **Main Menu**, go to **Information**, and then find the version number in the **App Version** section.

## Techniques to improve your tracking experience and surface detection

- Move your phone from side-to-side at the beginning of a video call.
- Try moving your phone more slowly.
- Place annotations in your device's field of view and avoid lots of sudden movements.
- Avoid frequently minimizing the app and reopening it while there are annotations present.

## Limitations that may hinder your tracking experience and accurate surface detection

- Flat surfaces without texture, such as a white desk.
- Environments with dim lighting or very bright lighting.
- Transparent or reflective surfaces like glass.
- Dynamic or moving surfaces.

## What kinds of calls can a Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile user be in?

- **Can I make calls to a Teams desktop user?** Yes.
- **Can I make calls to a Teams mobile user?** Yes.
- **Can I make or be in a group call or a call with three or more participants?** No, not at this time.
- **Can I be in a meeting?** No, not at this time.

## What is the size of the Remote Assist app?

Depending upon the device and platform (iOS or Android), the download size of the app (data transferred) will be between 70 MB and 120 MB. Once the app is downloaded, the app package is decompressed and installed and the final size on the device may be larger.

## Does Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile support the ability to see both the live video feed from the rear-facing camera as well as the technician's face from the front-facing camera?

No, just the rear-facing camera at this time.

## What countries is Dynamics 365 Remote Assist for Mobile supported?

On **Android** devices, Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile is available in 146 countries, but not available in Cuba, Sudan or Iran. It's also usable in China when connecting to global tenants, but not in the store currently (we are working on that).

For **iOS** devices, Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile is available in 155 countries.

## What languages does Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Mobile support?

Arabic (Saudi Arabia), Bulgarian (Bulgaria), Catalan (Spain), Czech (Czech Republic), Danish (Denmark), German (Germany), Greek (Greece), English (Australia), English (Canada), English (United Kingdom), English (United States), Spanish (Spain), Estonian (Estonia), Basque (Spain), Finnish (Finland), French (Canada), French (France), Galician (Spain), Hebrew (Israel), Hindi (India), Croatian (Croatia), Hungarian (Hungary), Indonesian (Indonesia), Italian (Italy), Japanese (Japan), Kazakh (Kazakhstan), Korean (Korea), Lithuanian (Lithuania), Latvian (Latvia), Malay (Malaysia), Norwegian Bokmål (Norway), Dutch (Netherlands), Polish (Poland), Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian (Romania), Russian (Russia), Slovak (Slovakia), Slovenian (Slovenia), Serbian (Cyrillic, Serbia), Serbian (Latin, Serbia), Swedish (Sweden), Thai (Thailand), Turkish (Turkey), Ukrainian (Ukraine), Vietnamese (Vietnam), Chinese (Simplified, China), Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.), Chinese (Traditional).

## How do I provide feedback?

Technicians can provide feedback or make requests directly in the Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile app. Providing in-app feedback is the best way for the Dynamics 365 Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile team to troubleshoot your issue because we can use your applications logs to see if there is an issue on our side. The Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile team values your feedback and strives to make significant improvements to the app.

In the Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile app, you can provide feedback by:

1. Select the **Main Menu** icon.
2. Select **Feedback**.
3. Provide your feedback.

>[!Note]
> Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile users can also provide feedback to our team in the [Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Community Forum](https://community.dynamics.com/365/remoteassist) for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist or in the [Dynamics 365 Remote Assist Ideas Portal](https://experience.dynamics.com/ideas/categories/list/?category=81a97e52-9c54-e911-a963-000d3a4f33c1&forum=4323c621-52bc-e811-a975-000d3a1bec70) for Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile.

## See also

- [Overview of Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile](https://docs.microsoft.com/dynamics365/mixed-reality/remote-assist/mobile-app/remote-assist-mobile-overview)
- [YouTube Video of Dynamics 365 Remote Assist mobile's features](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQJWsCDNpb4)
- [Requirements](../requirements.md)
