mr-docs/guides/faq.md, before:

---
author: Mamaylya
description: Frequently asked questions about Dynamics 365 Guides
ms.author: mamaylya
ms.date: 07/23/2021
ms.topic: article
title: FAQ about Dynamics 365 Guides
ms.reviewer: v-bholmes
---

# Frequently asked questions about Microsoft Dynamics 365 Guides

[!include [rename-banner](~/includes/cc-data-platform-banner.md)]

## How do I contact Support if I don't find an answer in this FAQ?

If you're not able to use [!include[cc-microsoft](../includes/cc-microsoft.md)] [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)], or if you have an issue that isn't answered in this FAQ or in the documentation, please contact Customer Support by using the following steps:

1. Go to [https://dynamics.microsoft.com/support/](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/support/).

2. Under **Customer Engagement help + support**, select **GET SUPPORT**.

3. Find a phone number or submit a support request through the admin center. 

## Does Dynamics 365 Guides support HoloLens (1st gen)?

HoloLens (1st gen) has entered Long Term Servicing State and is no longer supported on the latest versions of Dynamics 365 Guides. Customers on HoloLens (1st gen) can continue using the last supported app version (600.2103.19001) released on April 1, 2021. This version of the app is compatible with all 500 solution versions up to and including 600.0.0.1, also released on April 1, 2021. To continue using HoloLens (1st gen), existing customers should not upgrade to a solution version later than 600.0.0.1. Solution version 600.0.0.1 is no longer available for download for new HoloLens 1 customers.

## Why are there two apps?

[!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] includes two applications:

- PC authoring application

- [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] application, which includes modes for authoring and operating

If you plan to author guides, you'll need to use both apps. If not, you'll only need the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app.

## What languages is Dynamics 365 Guides available in?

As of the August 27 update, Dynamics 365 Guides is available in the following languages for both the PC app and the HoloLens app:

- English (US, UK)

- Chinese (People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong SAR)

- German 

- Dutch (Netherlands)

- French (France, Canada)

- Italian

- Japanese

- Korean

- Spanish (Spain)

## Is there an out-of-the-box integration with Dynamics 365 Field Service?

Yes, [!include[pn-dyn-365-field-service](../includes/pn-dyn-365-field-service.md)] integration was added in version 104.1907.19001.

## How do I stream my HoloLens view to a PC using Miracast?

The Connect app for wireless projection using Miracast is no longer installed by default, but is available as an optional feature. To install the app, select **Settings** > **Apps** > **Optional features** > **Add a feature**, and then install the Wireless Display app. 

## The solution installation or update fails repeatedly

To update the solution, you must have the [System Administrator](/power-platform/admin/database-security) role AND you must have a [Power Apps license](/power-platform/admin/signup-question-and-answer) (or a license like a [Dynamics 365 Guides license](setup-step-one.md) that includes a Power Apps license). 

![Dynamics 365 Guides license selected.](media/dynamics-365-guides-license.PNG "Dynamics 365 Guides license selected")

When you have a Power Apps license, the Access Mode security property is set to Read-Write, which is required for updating the solution. 

## I don't see my [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] environment even though I have a valid [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] license. What should I do? 

You might have installed [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] on a trial environment that has expired. Trial environments have their own life cycle, independent of the [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] license. You can go to [Power Platform Admin center](https://admin.powerplatform.microsoft.com/environments), select your trial environment, and switch it to a production environment.

## Can I use the JSON data file generated in Microsoft Dataverse when a guide is created to build or extend functionality?

When you create a guide by using the PC app, a JSON data file is automatically created in Microsoft Dataverse. This file is for internal use only. We don't recommend building functionality on top of this file because it might change over time. 

## How do I limit users to a particular Dynamics 365 instance?

You can limit user access to instances by using security groups that are managed in the Microsoft 365 admin center. For more information, see [Restrict access to an instance in Dynamics 365 Guides by using security groups](admin-security.md) and [Control user access to instances: security groups and licenses](/dynamics365/admin/add-instance-subscription#control-user-access-to-instances-security-groups-and-licenses).

## I get an error message when I try to sign in to the PC app or [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app

The [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] solution package (which includes the built-in library of 3D content) needs to be installed on your [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)] account. Every user must also have a license to use the [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] product. If your organization is already subscribed to [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)], you or your admin can easily provide access to the apps. For more information, [see the Setup topic](setup.md).

## Where is the data stored, and who has access to it?

The data is stored in Microsoft Dataverse in the tenant that you have admin privileges to. Please sign in to [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)] using the credentials created during the sign-up process. For more information, [see the Setup topic](setup.md). 

## What file formats are supported?

For a list of formats that are supported for 3D content, images, and videos, see [Supported file formats](pc-app-supported-file-formats.md).

## Will I lose any data if I close an app inadvertently?

Both apps automatically save your edits as you author a guide. After you're done editing, we recommend pausing for a couple seconds before closing the app to make sure the app has time to sync with the server.

Note that in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] application, if you use the bloom gesture to open the **Start** menu, the app goes on standby (doesn't close). When you select the app tile, you'll return to where you were before, and no changes will be lost.

## What if the app crashes while authoring? Do I lose data?
Both apps automatically save your edits as you author a guide. Any loss of data due to a crash should be minimal.

## What keyboard shortcuts are available in the PC authoring app?

For a list of keyboard shortcuts, see [Keyboard shortcuts for the PC app](keyboard-shortcuts-pc-app.md).

## How can I improve visual clarity of holograms in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app?

If holograms aren't visually clear, [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] might not be properly calibrated for you. Calibration is crucial because [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] renders holograms based on the distance between your eye pupils (interpupillary distance, or "IPD"). If [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] isn't calibrated correctly, your eyes struggle to see the holograms in relation to the real world. 

To calibrate [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]:

1. Use the bloom gesture to open the **Start** menu.

2. Use the bloom gesture again to see all the installed apps. 

3. Select the Calibration app, and then follow the instructions in the app. 

4. After calibrating, select the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app again.

If the holograms are visually clear but too bright or too dim, use the buttons on the left side of the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] headset to increase or decrease brightness.

## What should I do if the holographic instructions aren't aligned to my work area?

Incorrect alignment of holograms can happen for two main reasons:

- Your IPD has not been set correctly on the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]. Refer to the instructions for setting the IPD above to correct this.

- The guide needs to be realigned:

    - If the guide is aligned by using a **holographic anchor**, the digital representation (that is, the 3D representation that is laid over the corresponding physical area) isn't aligned correctly. To realign the guide, select the **Anchor** button, and then realign the digital representation so that it's perfectly overlaid on the physical area. 

    - If the guide is aligned by using a **circular code anchor**, the marker for the guide might not have been printed correctly. Try to realign the guide by selecting the **Anchor** button. Alternatively, you can reprint the anchor. Make sure that the anchor lies flat in the work area before you realign the guide.

For more information about anchoring methods, see [Anchor your guide in the real world](anchor.md).

## What does the Save button with the refresh icon mean? How does Save work?

The Autosave functionality enables authors to synchronize their changes across the PC and [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] apps when editing a guide at the same time in both apps. Edits are automatically saved and synced to the server every few seconds. The apps will also refresh automatically when they detect any changes made to the guide from another device. You can also select the **Save** button at any time if you want to be sure your edits are saved.

## I see this message: "Guide out of sync… refreshing" with a loading spinner. What's going on?

This message is displayed when you or another user are editing the same guide on separate devices. The guide is automatically saved on the other device first, then updated on the server. When the current device learns of the update, it reloads the latest version of the guide from the server.

## I see this message: "Save failed." What does this mean?

The PC and [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] apps save your changes to the server two seconds after each change is made. If any of these save attempts fail, you'll see this notification.

This might occur if you have a poor internet connection or if the server is down. The notification should go away automatically after the server connection is restored. However, if this message doesn't go away, we suggest that you not make more edits during that session, because your edits might be lost. Check the internet connection on your device or speak with your administrator to see whether there are any connectivity issues.

## Can I add more than eight 3D models to a step?

There are only eight **3D parts** boxes in the bin, which limits the variety of 3D models you can add to a single step. When placing holograms on the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)], you can, however, place an unlimited number from the bin. For example, you can add up to eight different 3D models (arrows, boxes, nuts, drills, and so on) to the bin, but you can place as many arrows, boxes, nuts, and drills from each **3D Parts** box that you want when in [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]. To do this, either tap the asset bins to spawn 3D models or go to a 3D model's **Edit** menu and select **Duplicate**.

## I see a triangle-shaped hazard sign when I load a step. What does that mean?

The hazard sign is a placeholder for 3D models, videos, or images that can't be successfully loaded in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app. Possible reasons for this:

- This might occur due to intermittent connectivity issues or because the file is too large. If you see this, please relaunch the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app. If this doesn't fix the problem, launch the PC app, find the file in question, and open it in preview mode. If the preview loads, reinstall the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app and try launching the guide again. 

- If you can't find the file in the PC app library, the reference (entity) to the 3D model/video/image is broken. Please upload the file again and re-author the guide.

- If the file exists in the library but the preview doesn't load, there's a problem with the file information in [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)]. Please upload the file again, and then edit the guide to refer to this new asset wherever applicable.

## See also

[Known Issues in Dynamics 365 Guides](known-issues.md)


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

Updated guides doc with  VPN configurations

mr-docs/guides/faq.md, after:

---
author: Mamaylya
description: Frequently asked questions about Dynamics 365 Guides
ms.author: mamaylya
ms.date: 07/23/2021
ms.topic: article
title: FAQ about Dynamics 365 Guides
ms.reviewer: v-bholmes
---

# Frequently asked questions about Microsoft Dynamics 365 Guides

[!include [rename-banner](~/includes/cc-data-platform-banner.md)]

## How do I contact Support if I don't find an answer in this FAQ?

If you're not able to use [!include[cc-microsoft](../includes/cc-microsoft.md)] [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)], or if you have an issue that isn't answered in this FAQ or in the documentation, please contact Customer Support by using the following steps:

1. Go to [https://dynamics.microsoft.com/support/](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/support/).

2. Under **Customer Engagement help + support**, select **GET SUPPORT**.

3. Find a phone number or submit a support request through the admin center. 

## Does Dynamics 365 Guides support HoloLens (1st gen)?

HoloLens (1st gen) has entered Long Term Servicing State and is no longer supported on the latest versions of Dynamics 365 Guides. Customers on HoloLens (1st gen) can continue using the last supported app version (600.2103.19001) released on April 1, 2021. This version of the app is compatible with all 500 solution versions up to and including 600.0.0.1, also released on April 1, 2021. To continue using HoloLens (1st gen), existing customers should not upgrade to a solution version later than 600.0.0.1. Solution version 600.0.0.1 is no longer available for download for new HoloLens 1 customers.

## Why are there two apps?

[!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] includes two applications:

- PC authoring application

- [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] application, which includes modes for authoring and operating

If you plan to author guides, you'll need to use both apps. If not, you'll only need the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app.

## What languages is Dynamics 365 Guides available in?

As of the August 27 update, Dynamics 365 Guides is available in the following languages for both the PC app and the HoloLens app:

- English (US, UK)

- Chinese (People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong SAR)

- German 

- Dutch (Netherlands)

- French (France, Canada)

- Italian

- Japanese

- Korean

- Spanish (Spain)

## Is there an out-of-the-box integration with Dynamics 365 Field Service?

Yes, [!include[pn-dyn-365-field-service](../includes/pn-dyn-365-field-service.md)] integration was added in version 104.1907.19001.

## How do I stream my HoloLens view to a PC using Miracast?

The Connect app for wireless projection using Miracast is no longer installed by default, but is available as an optional feature. To install the app, select **Settings** > **Apps** > **Optional features** > **Add a feature**, and then install the Wireless Display app. 

## The solution installation or update fails repeatedly

To update the solution, you must have the [System Administrator](/power-platform/admin/database-security) role AND you must have a [Power Apps license](/power-platform/admin/signup-question-and-answer) (or a license like a [Dynamics 365 Guides license](setup-step-one.md) that includes a Power Apps license). 

![Dynamics 365 Guides license selected.](media/dynamics-365-guides-license.PNG "Dynamics 365 Guides license selected")

When you have a Power Apps license, the Access Mode security property is set to Read-Write, which is required for updating the solution. 

## I don't see my [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] environment even though I have a valid [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] license. What should I do? 

You might have installed [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] on a trial environment that has expired. Trial environments have their own life cycle, independent of the [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] license. You can go to [Power Platform Admin center](https://admin.powerplatform.microsoft.com/environments), select your trial environment, and switch it to a production environment.

## Can I use the JSON data file generated in Microsoft Dataverse when a guide is created to build or extend functionality?

When you create a guide by using the PC app, a JSON data file is automatically created in Microsoft Dataverse. This file is for internal use only. We don't recommend building functionality on top of this file because it might change over time. 

## How do I limit users to a particular Dynamics 365 instance?

You can limit user access to instances by using security groups that are managed in the Microsoft 365 admin center. For more information, see [Restrict access to an instance in Dynamics 365 Guides by using security groups](admin-security.md) and [Control user access to instances: security groups and licenses](/dynamics365/admin/add-instance-subscription#control-user-access-to-instances-security-groups-and-licenses).

## I get an error message when I try to sign in to the PC app or [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app

The [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] solution package (which includes the built-in library of 3D content) needs to be installed on your [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)] account. Every user must also have a license to use the [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)] product. If your organization is already subscribed to [!include[pn-dyn-365-guides](../includes/pn-dyn-365-guides.md)], you or your admin can easily provide access to the apps. For more information, [see the Setup topic](setup.md).

## Where is the data stored, and who has access to it?

The data is stored in Microsoft Dataverse in the tenant that you have admin privileges to. Please sign in to [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)] using the credentials created during the sign-up process. For more information, [see the Setup topic](setup.md). 

## What file formats are supported?

For a list of formats that are supported for 3D content, images, and videos, see [Supported file formats](pc-app-supported-file-formats.md).

## Will I lose any data if I close an app inadvertently?

Both apps automatically save your edits as you author a guide. After you're done editing, we recommend pausing for a couple seconds before closing the app to make sure the app has time to sync with the server.

Note that in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] application, if you use the bloom gesture to open the **Start** menu, the app goes on standby (doesn't close). When you select the app tile, you'll return to where you were before, and no changes will be lost.

## What if the app crashes while authoring? Do I lose data?
Both apps automatically save your edits as you author a guide. Any loss of data due to a crash should be minimal.

## What keyboard shortcuts are available in the PC authoring app?

For a list of keyboard shortcuts, see [Keyboard shortcuts for the PC app](keyboard-shortcuts-pc-app.md).

## How can I improve visual clarity of holograms in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app?

If holograms aren't visually clear, [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] might not be properly calibrated for you. Calibration is crucial because [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] renders holograms based on the distance between your eye pupils (interpupillary distance, or "IPD"). If [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] isn't calibrated correctly, your eyes struggle to see the holograms in relation to the real world. 

To calibrate [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]:

1. Use the bloom gesture to open the **Start** menu.

2. Use the bloom gesture again to see all the installed apps. 

3. Select the Calibration app, and then follow the instructions in the app. 

4. After calibrating, select the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app again.

If the holograms are visually clear but too bright or too dim, use the buttons on the left side of the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] headset to increase or decrease brightness.

## What should I do if the holographic instructions aren't aligned to my work area?

Incorrect alignment of holograms can happen for two main reasons:

- Your IPD has not been set correctly on the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]. Refer to the instructions for setting the IPD above to correct this.

- The guide needs to be realigned:

    - If the guide is aligned by using a **holographic anchor**, the digital representation (that is, the 3D representation that is laid over the corresponding physical area) isn't aligned correctly. To realign the guide, select the **Anchor** button, and then realign the digital representation so that it's perfectly overlaid on the physical area. 

    - If the guide is aligned by using a **circular code anchor**, the marker for the guide might not have been printed correctly. Try to realign the guide by selecting the **Anchor** button. Alternatively, you can reprint the anchor. Make sure that the anchor lies flat in the work area before you realign the guide.

For more information about anchoring methods, see [Anchor your guide in the real world](anchor.md).

## What does the Save button with the refresh icon mean? How does Save work?

The Autosave functionality enables authors to synchronize their changes across the PC and [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] apps when editing a guide at the same time in both apps. Edits are automatically saved and synced to the server every few seconds. The apps will also refresh automatically when they detect any changes made to the guide from another device. You can also select the **Save** button at any time if you want to be sure your edits are saved.

## I see this message: "Guide out of sync… refreshing" with a loading spinner. What's going on?

This message is displayed when you or another user are editing the same guide on separate devices. The guide is automatically saved on the other device first, then updated on the server. When the current device learns of the update, it reloads the latest version of the guide from the server.

## I see this message: "Save failed." What does this mean?

The PC and [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] apps save your changes to the server two seconds after each change is made. If any of these save attempts fail, you'll see this notification.

This might occur if you have a poor internet connection or if the server is down. The notification should go away automatically after the server connection is restored. However, if this message doesn't go away, we suggest that you not make more edits during that session, because your edits might be lost. Check the internet connection on your device or speak with your administrator to see whether there are any connectivity issues.

## Can I add more than eight 3D models to a step?

There are only eight **3D parts** boxes in the bin, which limits the variety of 3D models you can add to a single step. When placing holograms on the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)], you can, however, place an unlimited number from the bin. For example, you can add up to eight different 3D models (arrows, boxes, nuts, drills, and so on) to the bin, but you can place as many arrows, boxes, nuts, and drills from each **3D Parts** box that you want when in [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)]. To do this, either tap the asset bins to spawn 3D models or go to a 3D model's **Edit** menu and select **Duplicate**.

## I see a triangle-shaped hazard sign when I load a step. What does that mean?

The hazard sign is a placeholder for 3D models, videos, or images that can't be successfully loaded in the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app. Possible reasons for this:

- This might occur due to intermittent connectivity issues or because the file is too large. If you see this, please relaunch the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app. If this doesn't fix the problem, launch the PC app, find the file in question, and open it in preview mode. If the preview loads, reinstall the [!include[pn-hololens](../includes/pn-hololens.md)] app and try launching the guide again. 

- If you can't find the file in the PC app library, the reference (entity) to the 3D model/video/image is broken. Please upload the file again and re-author the guide.

- If the file exists in the library but the preview doesn't load, there's a problem with the file information in [!include[pn-dyn-365](../includes/pn-dyn-365.md)]. Please upload the file again, and then edit the guide to refer to this new asset wherever applicable.

## I am connected through a proxy or VPN and I can't sign in to Guides. What can I do?

For more information about proxy or VPN configuration, see [VPN or proxy configuration](admin-deployment-playbook.md).

## See also

[Known Issues in Dynamics 365 Guides](known-issues.md)


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
