mr-docs/guides/toc.md, before:

# Dynamics 365 Guides
## [Overview of Dynamics 365 Guides](index.md)
## [Get started](get-started.md)
## [What's new](new.md)
## [Videos](videos.md)
## I'm an admin
### Set up Dynamics 365 Guides or upgrade the solution
#### [Device and licensing requirements](requirements.md)
#### Setup
##### [Setup overview](setup.md)
##### [1: Get a subscription (buy or trial)](setup-step-one.md)
##### [2: Install the solution](setup-step-two.md)
##### [3: Install the apps](setup-step-three.md)
##### [4: Set up Power BI reports](setup-step-four.md)
#### [Update the solution](upgrade.md)
#### [Compatibility between solution and PC/HoloLens apps](admin-apps-solution-compatibility.md)
### Add users, assign roles, and restrict access
#### [Add users](add-users.md)
#### [Assign user roles](assign-role.md)
#### [Restrict access to a specific instance](admin-security.md)
#### [Share guides with access teams to limit access to specific guides or guide content](admin-access-teams.md)
#### [Assign guides using owner teams to limit access to specific guides or guide content](admin-access-assign.md)

#### [Activate, deactivate, or delete a guide or guide content](admin-deactivate-guide.md)
### Integrations with other Dynamics 365 apps
#### [Dynamics 365 Field Service](field-service.md)
#### [Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Management](admin-integrate-asset-management.md)
### [Add a HoloLens tab with a specific list of guides](custom-view.md)
### [Opt out of storing Guides usage data](data-opt-out.md)
### [Deployment playbook](admin-deployment-playbook.md)
## I'm an author
### [Authoring overview](authoring-overview.md)
### Author in the PC app
#### [Overview](pc-app-overview.md)
#### [Install the app and sign in](install-sign-in-pc-app.md)
#### [Create or find a guide](create-guide.md)
#### [Rename a guide](pc-app-rename-guide.md)
#### Anchor your guide to the real world
##### [Overview of anchoring a guide with the PC app](pc-app-anchor.md)
##### [QR code anchor (recommended)](pc-app-anchor-qr-code.md)
##### [Circular code anchor](pc-app-anchor-circular-code.md)
##### [Holographic anchor](pc-app-anchor-holographic.md)
##### [Change anchor type](pc-app-anchor-change-type.md)
##### [Effect of calibration, pre-scanning, and environment on hologram precision](pc-app-anchor-improve-hologram-precision.md)
##### [Effect of anchor types/placement on hologram precision](pc-app-anchor-types-placement-precision.md)
#### [Structure your guide in the Outline page](structure-guide.md)
#### [Create steps and add 3D models, media](create-steps-assign-media.md)
#### [Create a trigger for step navigation](pc-app-trigger.md)
#### [Create a branching (non-linear) guide](pc-app-branching.md)
#### [Add a website or Power Apps link to a step](pc-app-website-powerapps-link.md)
#### [Create and copy a link to a guide or a step](pc-app-copy-link-guide-step.md)
#### [Embed a link to a guide in a QR code](pc-app-anchor-embed-qr-code-link.md)
#### [Keyboard shortcuts](keyboard-shortcuts-pc-app.md)
#### [Deactivate a guide or guide content](pc-app-deactivate-guide.md)
#### [Opt out of sending telemetry data](data-opt-out-pc-app.md)
### Author in the HoloLens app
#### [Overview](hololens-app-overview.md)
#### [Calibrate your HoloLens](hololens-app-calibrate.md) 
#### [Install the app and sign in](install-sign-in-hololens-app.md)
#### [Find a guide](find-guide.md)
#### [Anchor your guide](hololens-app-anchor.md)
#### [Place holograms, add styles, and more](hololens-app-orientation.md)
#### [Create and place a trigger for step navigation](hololens-app-trigger.md)
#### HoloLens gestures for authoring and navigating
##### [HoloLens 1](authoring-gestures.md)
##### [HoloLens 2](authoring-gestures-HL2.md)
#### [Voice commands](voice-commands.md)
#### [Opt out of sending telemetry data](hololens-app-data-opt-out.md)
### [How to make a great mixed reality guide](great-guide.md)
## I'm an operator
### [Overview of operating a guide](operator-overview.md)
### Calibrate your HoloLens
#### [HoloLens 1](operator-calibrate.md)
#### [HoloLens 2](operator-calibrate-HL2.md)
### [Install the HoloLens app and sign in](install-sign-in-operator.md)
### [Find a guide](find-guide.md)
### [Open a guide by using a QR code](operator-open-guide-qr-code.md)
### Gestures for navigating a guide
#### [HoloLens 1](operator-gestures.md)
#### [HoloLens 2](operator-gestures-HL2.md)
### [Anchor your guide](operator-anchor.md)
### Use the HoloLens app
#### [Get oriented with the Step card](operator-step-card-orientation.md)
#### [Use a dotted line to find a focus area](operator-dotted-line.md)
#### [Use Follow mode and pinning](operator-follow-mode.md)
#### [Use a branching (non-linear) guide](operator-branching-guide.md)
#### [Use a trigger to move between steps](operator-trigger.md)
#### [Open a website](operator-website-link.md)
#### [Open an app in Power Apps](operator-powerapps-link.md)
#### [Turn off holograms](operator-holograms-off.md)
#### [Work offline](operator-offline-mode.md)
#### [Voice commands](voice-commands.md)
#### [Have HoloLens narrate instructions](operator-narrator.md)
## Analyze your guides
### [Overview](analytics-overview.md)
### [Data collected and how to use it](analytics-data-collected.md)
### Use the Guides Analytics Power BI templates
#### [Overview of Guides Analytics](analytics-guide.md)
#### [Set up Guides Analytics](analytics-ga-setup.md)
#### [Take a tour of Guides Analytics reports](analytics-ga-reports.md)
#### [Share Guides Analytics reports](analytics-ga-share-reports.md)
## Convert 3D models to use as holograms
### [Overview of converting 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/index.md)
### [Convert your 3D (CAD) models](3d-content-guidelines/convert-models.md)
### [Optimize your 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/optimize-models.md)
### [Best practices for real-time 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/best-practices.md)
### Tutorials
#### [Overview](3d-content-guidelines/tutorials-overview.md)
#### [Agisoft Metashape](3d-content-guidelines/agisoft-metashape.md)
#### Autodesk
##### [Inventor](3d-content-guidelines/inventor.md)
##### [3ds Max](3d-content-guidelines/3ds-max.md)
##### [ReCap Photo](3d-content-guidelines/autodesk-recap-photo.md) 
#### [Blender](3d-content-guidelines/blender.md)
#### [Dassault Systèmes SOLIDWORKS](3d-content-guidelines/solidworks.md)
#### [Pixyz Studio](3d-content-guidelines/pixyz-studio.md)
#### SideFX Houdini
##### [Prepare 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/houdini.md)
##### [Convert a point cloud](3d-content-guidelines/houdini-point-cloud.md)
## [Migrate content from one instance to another](migrate.md)
## [Entity reference (for developers)](developer-entity-reference.md)
## [Dynamics 365 Guides US Government](gcc.md)
## [Get Help and provide feedback](help.md)
## [Version history](version-history.md)
## [Glossary of terms](glossary.md)
## [FAQ](faq.md)
## Known issues
### [Affecting both apps](known-issues.md)
### [PC app](known-issues-pc-app.md)
### [HoloLens app](known-issues-hololens-app.md)
## [Terms of use](../legal/guides-service-terms.md)

Commit message:

create new article "assign roles to a Group Team.md" and update TOC.md

mr-docs/guides/toc.md, after:

# Dynamics 365 Guides
## [Overview of Dynamics 365 Guides](index.md)
## [Get started](get-started.md)
## [What's new](new.md)
## [Videos](videos.md)
## I'm an admin
### Set up Dynamics 365 Guides or upgrade the solution
#### [Device and licensing requirements](requirements.md)
#### Setup
##### [Setup overview](setup.md)
##### [1: Get a subscription (buy or trial)](setup-step-one.md)
##### [2: Install the solution](setup-step-two.md)
##### [3: Install the apps](setup-step-three.md)
##### [4: Set up Power BI reports](setup-step-four.md)
#### [Update the solution](upgrade.md)
#### [Compatibility between solution and PC/HoloLens apps](admin-apps-solution-compatibility.md)
### Add users, assign roles, and restrict access
#### [Add users](add-users.md)
#### [Assign user roles to individual users](assign-role.md)
#### [Assign user roles to a D365 Group Team linked to an AAD Group](admin-assign-role-groups.md)
#### [Restrict access to a specific instance using Security Groups](admin-security.md)
#### [Share guides with access teams to limit access to specific guides or guide content](admin-access-teams.md)
#### [Assign guides using owner teams to limit access to specific guides or guide content](admin-access-assign.md)
#### [Activate, deactivate, or delete a guide or guide content](admin-deactivate-guide.md)
### Integrations with other Dynamics 365 apps
#### [Dynamics 365 Field Service](field-service.md)
#### [Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Management](admin-integrate-asset-management.md)
### [Add a HoloLens tab with a specific list of guides](custom-view.md)
### [Opt out of storing Guides usage data](data-opt-out.md)
### [Deployment playbook](admin-deployment-playbook.md)
## I'm an author
### [Authoring overview](authoring-overview.md)
### Author in the PC app
#### [Overview](pc-app-overview.md)
#### [Install the app and sign in](install-sign-in-pc-app.md)
#### [Create or find a guide](create-guide.md)
#### [Rename a guide](pc-app-rename-guide.md)
#### Anchor your guide to the real world
##### [Overview of anchoring a guide with the PC app](pc-app-anchor.md)
##### [QR code anchor (recommended)](pc-app-anchor-qr-code.md)
##### [Circular code anchor](pc-app-anchor-circular-code.md)
##### [Holographic anchor](pc-app-anchor-holographic.md)
##### [Change anchor type](pc-app-anchor-change-type.md)
##### [Effect of calibration, pre-scanning, and environment on hologram precision](pc-app-anchor-improve-hologram-precision.md)
##### [Effect of anchor types/placement on hologram precision](pc-app-anchor-types-placement-precision.md)
#### [Structure your guide in the Outline page](structure-guide.md)
#### [Create steps and add 3D models, media](create-steps-assign-media.md)
#### [Create a trigger for step navigation](pc-app-trigger.md)
#### [Create a branching (non-linear) guide](pc-app-branching.md)
#### [Add a website or Power Apps link to a step](pc-app-website-powerapps-link.md)
#### [Create and copy a link to a guide or a step](pc-app-copy-link-guide-step.md)
#### [Embed a link to a guide in a QR code](pc-app-anchor-embed-qr-code-link.md)
#### [Keyboard shortcuts](keyboard-shortcuts-pc-app.md)
#### [Deactivate a guide or guide content](pc-app-deactivate-guide.md)
#### [Opt out of sending telemetry data](data-opt-out-pc-app.md)
### Author in the HoloLens app
#### [Overview](hololens-app-overview.md)
#### [Calibrate your HoloLens](hololens-app-calibrate.md) 
#### [Install the app and sign in](install-sign-in-hololens-app.md)
#### [Find a guide](find-guide.md)
#### [Anchor your guide](hololens-app-anchor.md)
#### [Place holograms, add styles, and more](hololens-app-orientation.md)
#### [Create and place a trigger for step navigation](hololens-app-trigger.md)
#### HoloLens gestures for authoring and navigating
##### [HoloLens 1](authoring-gestures.md)
##### [HoloLens 2](authoring-gestures-HL2.md)
#### [Voice commands](voice-commands.md)
#### [Opt out of sending telemetry data](hololens-app-data-opt-out.md)
### [How to make a great mixed reality guide](great-guide.md)
## I'm an operator
### [Overview of operating a guide](operator-overview.md)
### Calibrate your HoloLens
#### [HoloLens 1](operator-calibrate.md)
#### [HoloLens 2](operator-calibrate-HL2.md)
### [Install the HoloLens app and sign in](install-sign-in-operator.md)
### [Find a guide](find-guide.md)
### [Open a guide by using a QR code](operator-open-guide-qr-code.md)
### Gestures for navigating a guide
#### [HoloLens 1](operator-gestures.md)
#### [HoloLens 2](operator-gestures-HL2.md)
### [Anchor your guide](operator-anchor.md)
### Use the HoloLens app
#### [Get oriented with the Step card](operator-step-card-orientation.md)
#### [Use a dotted line to find a focus area](operator-dotted-line.md)
#### [Use Follow mode and pinning](operator-follow-mode.md)
#### [Use a branching (non-linear) guide](operator-branching-guide.md)
#### [Use a trigger to move between steps](operator-trigger.md)
#### [Open a website](operator-website-link.md)
#### [Open an app in Power Apps](operator-powerapps-link.md)
#### [Turn off holograms](operator-holograms-off.md)
#### [Work offline](operator-offline-mode.md)
#### [Voice commands](voice-commands.md)
#### [Have HoloLens narrate instructions](operator-narrator.md)
## Analyze your guides
### [Overview](analytics-overview.md)
### [Data collected and how to use it](analytics-data-collected.md)
### Use the Guides Analytics Power BI templates
#### [Overview of Guides Analytics](analytics-guide.md)
#### [Set up Guides Analytics](analytics-ga-setup.md)
#### [Take a tour of Guides Analytics reports](analytics-ga-reports.md)
#### [Share Guides Analytics reports](analytics-ga-share-reports.md)
## Convert 3D models to use as holograms
### [Overview of converting 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/index.md)
### [Convert your 3D (CAD) models](3d-content-guidelines/convert-models.md)
### [Optimize your 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/optimize-models.md)
### [Best practices for real-time 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/best-practices.md)
### Tutorials
#### [Overview](3d-content-guidelines/tutorials-overview.md)
#### [Agisoft Metashape](3d-content-guidelines/agisoft-metashape.md)
#### Autodesk
##### [Inventor](3d-content-guidelines/inventor.md)
##### [3ds Max](3d-content-guidelines/3ds-max.md)
##### [ReCap Photo](3d-content-guidelines/autodesk-recap-photo.md) 
#### [Blender](3d-content-guidelines/blender.md)
#### [Dassault Systèmes SOLIDWORKS](3d-content-guidelines/solidworks.md)
#### [Pixyz Studio](3d-content-guidelines/pixyz-studio.md)
#### SideFX Houdini
##### [Prepare 3D models](3d-content-guidelines/houdini.md)
##### [Convert a point cloud](3d-content-guidelines/houdini-point-cloud.md)
## [Migrate content from one instance to another](migrate.md)
## [Entity reference (for developers)](developer-entity-reference.md)
## [Dynamics 365 Guides US Government](gcc.md)
## [Get Help and provide feedback](help.md)
## [Version history](version-history.md)
## [Glossary of terms](glossary.md)
## [FAQ](faq.md)
## Known issues
### [Affecting both apps](known-issues.md)
### [PC app](known-issues-pc-app.md)
### [HoloLens app](known-issues-hololens-app.md)
## [Terms of use](../legal/guides-service-terms.md)
